Bluetooth: Samples: Add Advertising Coding Selection to Coded HR samples (#20753)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/central_hr_coded/README.rst

See :ref:`ug_ble_controller` for more information.
It then establishes a connection to the first Peripheral device in range.
You can use it together with the :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample.

> The sample enables the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_CODING_SELECTION` Kconfig option to use the Advertising Coding Selection Host feature to provide more detailed information on the advertisers primary and secondary PHYs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample enables the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_CODING_SELECTION` Kconfig option to use the Advertising Coding Selection Host feature to provide more detailed information on the advertiser's primary and secondary PHYs.
```

> This allows the application to report wether the LE Coded PHY S=2 or S=8 Coding Schemes were used as the advertisers primary and secondary PHYs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the application to report whether the LE Coded PHY S=2 or S=8 Coding Schemes were used as the advertiser's primary and secondary PHYs.
```

> This allows the application to report whether the LE Coded PHY S=2 or S=8 Coding Schemes were used as the advertisers primary and secondary PHYs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows the application to report whether the LE Coded PHY S=2 or S=8 coding schemes were used as the advertiser's primary and secondary PHYs.
```

> When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_CODING_SELECTION` Kconfig option is disabled the application will only indicate that LE Coded PHY was used, with no detailed information on the Coding Scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV_CODING_SELECTION` Kconfig option is disabled, the application only indicates that LE Coded PHY was used, with no detailed information on the Coding Scheme.
```

#. Wait until the Coded advertiser is detected by the Central.
   In the terminal window, check for information similar to the following::

      Filters matched. Address: xx.xx.xx.xx.xx.xx (random) connectable: yes Primary PHY: S=8 Coded Secondary PHY S=8 Coded
      Connection pending

>       Connected: xx.xx.xx.xx.xx.xx (random), tx_phy 4, rx_phy 4

Author: Have to update the docs to tx_phy LE Coded, rx_phy LE Coded. I will do this after CI is finished.
